docs(abac): add initial ABAC Condition documentation (#583)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/concepts.mdx

</details>

<details>
<summary>

> ## What is an ABAC Condition?

Author: See "What Is A Conditional Relationship Tuple?"

An **ABAC Condition** is a function composed of one or more parameters and an expression which must evaluate to a boolean outcome. Expressions are defined using [Google's Common Expression Language (CEL)](https://github.com/google/cel-spec).
</summary>

> For example, the following condition `mycondition` defines an ABAC Condition which evaluates to a boolean outcome. The provided parameter `x`, defined as an integer type, is used in the boolean expression `x < 100`. The condition will return a truthy outcome if the expression returns a truthy outcome and false otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in the following snippet `mycondition` defines defines a Condition which evaluates to a boolean outcome. The provided parameter `x`, defined as an integer type, is used in the boolean expression `x < 100`. The condition will return a truthy outcome if the expression returns a truthy outcome and false otherwise.
```

Reviewer: Can we use something other than `mycondition` as a name? `less_than_hundred` for example

```
condition mycondition(x: int) {
  x < 100
}
```
</details>

<details>
<summary>

## What Is A Relationship Tuple?

> A **relationship tuple** is composed of a base tuple/triplet consisting of a user, relation and object and it can optionally include a condition which applies to it (see [Conditional Relationship Tuples](#what-is-a-conditional-relationship-tuple) for more info). Relationship tuples are written and stored in <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **relationship tuple** is composed of a base tuple/triplet consisting of a user, relation and object and an optional condition which applies to it (see [Conditional Relationship Tuples](#what-is-a-conditional-relationship-tuple) for more info). Relationship tuples are written and stored in <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>.
```

- **[user](#what-is-a-user)**, e.g. `user:anne`, `user:3f7768e0-4fa7-4e93-8417-4da68ce1846c`, `workspace:auth0` or `folder:planning#editor`
- **[relation](#what-is-a-relation)**, e.g. `editor`, `member` or `parent_workspace`
- **[object](#what-is-an-object)**, e.g `repo:auth0/express_jwt`, `domain:auth0.com` or `channel:marketing`

> - **[condition](#what-is-an-abac-condition)** (optional), e.g. `{"condition": "mycondition", "context": {...}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[condition](#what-is-a-condition)** (optional), e.g. `{"condition": "in_allowed_ip_range", "context": {...}}`
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>
## What Is A Conditional Relationship Tuple?

A **conditional relationship tuple** is a [relationship tuple](#what-is-a-relationship-tuple?) which represents a [relationship](#what-is-a-relationship?) conditioned upon the evaluation of the boolean outcome the relationship tuple is conditioned upon.
</summary>

If a relationship tuple is conditioned, then the condition which the tuple is conditioned upon must evaluate to a truthy outcome for the relationship tuple to be considered a permissible relationship.

> The following relationship tuple is a conditional relationship tuple because it is conditioned on `mycondition`. The relationship is considered permissible because the expression `x < 100` for the condition evaluates to a truthy outcome since `20 < 100`.

Reviewer 2: Link to the `condition` section so we can see the definition of `mycondition`

Author: I've reworded. Tell me what you think now.

> The following relationship tuple is a conditional relationship tuple because it is conditioned on `mycondition`. If the expression for `mycondition` is defined as `x < 100`, then the relationship is considered permissible because the expression evaluates to a truthy outcome since `20 < 100`.

Reviewer: Can we use another name for it other than mycondition?
